Fix `string.concat` and `bytes.concat` assignment to a constant variable. (#16341)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
* TypeChecker: Fix error and event selectors not being considered compile-time constant.

> * TypeChecker: Allow assignment of `string.concat` or `bytes.concat` to constant variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* TypeChecker: Fix `string.concat` and `bytes.concat` with constant arguments not being considered compile-time constant.
```
